docs/tutorial/1.md, before:

# 1. Software Setup and Simulate

## Prerequisites

- WPILib VS Code
- Advantage Scope
- Elastic

<!-- ## General
1. [Download]() and unzip it.
2. Run `./gradlew` to download gradle and needed vendordeps
3. Run `./gradlew tasks` to see available options -->

## Setup

### Advantage Scope

::: info Courtesy
The model is adapted from [this design on GrabCAD](https://grabcad.com/library/frc-intake-1) by Daniel Forsythe.
:::

1. Click `File -> Import Layout...` and import from `/ascope/layout.json`
2. Click `Help -> Show Assets Folder`, and copy `/ascope/Robot_**` to `**/AdvantageScope/userAssets/Robot_**`
3. In `Help -> Show Preferences (Ctrl+,)`
    - set `roboRIO Address` as `10.team.number.2`
    - set `roboRIO Log Folder` as `/home/lvuser/logs`
    - set `Live Source` as `NetworkTables 4`

### Elastic

- Click `File -> Download From Robot (Ctrl + D)`
- or click `File -> Open Layout (Ctrl + O)`, and manually select `src/main/deploy/elastic-layout.json`

## Simulation

1. Run `Build & Run Simulate Java` in Idea
2. Run `Elastic` and toggle to `localhost (127.0.0.1)` in `Settings -> Network -> IP Address Mode`
3. Click `File -> Connect to Simulator (Ctrl+Shift+K)` in Advantage Scope and enjoy

Commit message:

Fix typos and improve tutorial consistency in navigation and documentation

docs/tutorial/1.md, after:

# 1. Software Setup and Simulation

## Prerequisites

- WPILib VS Code
- Advantage Scope
- Elastic

<!-- ## General
1. [Download]() and unzip it.
2. Run `./gradlew` to download gradle and needed vendordeps
3. Run `./gradlew tasks` to see available options -->

## Setup

### Advantage Scope

::: info Courtesy
The model is adapted from [this design on GrabCAD](https://grabcad.com/library/frc-intake-1) by Daniel Forsythe.
:::

1. Click `File -> Import Layout...` and import from `//ascope/layout.json`
2. Click `Help -> Show Assets Folder`. You will see an assets folder named ``**/AdvantageScope/userAssets/``. Copy `//ascope/Robot_Tutorial` to ``**/AdvantageScope/userAssets/Robot_Tutorial``
3. In `Help -> Show Preferences (Ctrl+,)`:
    - Set `roboRIO Address` to `10.team.number.2`
    - Set `roboRIO Log Folder` to `/home/lvuser/logs`
    - Set `Live Source` to `NetworkTables 4`

### Elastic

- Click `File -> Download From Robot (Ctrl + D)`
- Or click `File -> Open Layout (Ctrl + O)` and manually select `//src/main/deploy/elastic-layout.json`

## Simulation

1. Run `Build & Run Simulate Java` in Idea
2. Run `Elastic` and switch to `localhost (127.0.0.1)` in `Settings -> Network -> IP Address Mode`
3. Click `File -> Connect to Simulator (Ctrl+Shift+K)` in Advantage Scope and enjoy
